fix: workflow improvements (#2251)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/workflows/how-to-guides/set-up-automatic-processing.md

<!-- vale on -->

> Automating processes within your business can boost efficiency and reduce manual workloads. This guide shows you how to set up automated processing using Appsmith Workflows.

Reviewer: We follow the same convention, so let's keep this as is.
```suggestion
Automating processes within your business can boost efficiency and reduce manual workloads. This page shows you how to set up automated processing using Appsmith Workflows.
```

## Prerequisites

> Before you start, make sure you have:

Reviewer: We want to keep this consistent, let's keep it same.
```suggestion
Before you begin, make sure you have:
```

    ```javascript
    export default {
      async executeWorkflow(order) {
        if (order && order.order_id) {
          console.log('Processing order: ' + order.order_id);
          // Fetch order details using the provided order ID
          const orderDetails = await getOrderDetails.run({ "order_id": order.order_id });
          // Check if the order meets processing criteria
          if (orderDetails && orderDetails.amount < 10) {
            // Process refund
            await initiateRefund.run({
              "order_id": order.order_id,
              "status": 'Refund Processed'
            });
            // Notify the customer
            await notifyUser.run({
              "user_email": orderDetails.customer_email,
              "user_name": orderDetails.customer_name
            });
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```

4. Trigger the workflow to automatically process requests. You can do this in two ways:

>     * **Within an Appsmith app:** Create a workflow query with **Trigger Workflow** as the request type. Pass in the parameters for processing, and link it to the triggering action. Learn more in [Trigger Workflow from Appsmith App](/workflows/how-to-guides/trigger-workflow-from-appsmith-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **From within an Appsmith app - ** Create a workflow query with **Trigger Workflow** as the request type. Pass the required parameters for processing, and bind it to the action from where the triggering happens. For more information on triggering a workflow, see [Trigger Workflow from Appsmith App](/workflows/how-to-guides/trigger-workflow-from-appsmith-app) guide.
```

>     * **From an external system:** Configure the webhook trigger in the workflow, Call the webhook through a POST request and pass the required parameters in the request body. Learn more in [Trigger Workflow using Postman](/workflows/tutorials/create-workflow#send-email-using-postman).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **From an external system -** Configure the webhook trigger in the workflow. Call the webhook through a POST request and pass the required parameters in the request body. For more information, see [Trigger Workflow using Postman](/workflows/tutorials/create-workflow#send-email-using-postman).
```

6. Click **Deploy** in the top right to apply your changes.
7. Execute the workflow when relevant events occur, like a new order request.

## Troubleshooting

> For assistance, contact support via the chat widget at the bottom right.

Reviewer: This is standard messaging that we are using across docs. Let's keep this as is.
```suggestion
If you face issues, contact the support team using the chat widget at the bottom right of this page.
```
